The Match for the Third Place Winner The Trophy Is
Ready first ball Vishal Jadhav to Mangesh
Jagtap and Wow into the gaps for a chance
Strong start with four runs from Mangesh
Chetan has joined with
and first ball four runs
This reminds me of the first ball for runs in
2011 World Cup Virender Sehwag Avery
First ball of the league match went for four
Once again a bit of in the but safe
Chetan Kadam is on strike now.
And under the beautiful floodlights
Four balls, six runs, no wickets here.
The brilliant batsman Mangesh has blown it away this time.
The ball in the air will definitely go for two runs.
No, I will be satisfied with one run. over there
Fielders were deployed. Only a single.
Five Balls Seven for No Loss President
Warriors.
How the toss relates to field first
So one went seven for no priors
One shot, seven attacks in one go, no matter what
Priors
Om
Oh he has dropped that catch shot to fine leg
fielder
that could be the big wicket fall
And that's played straight excellent shot
That went like a tree bound for runs
Powerful, brilliant explosive hit, four runs
13 runs, no wicket here, Mangesh on
fire
Chetan on fire both the batsman o good bowling
Good Comeback
And that's gone miles in the air
and taken that
First wicket positions here Prior Loss of
First Wicket
Chetan Kadam Departs
Good catch again by Ashish at 1.43
Priors
Bit of misfield and single taken
Mangesh Jagtap and Krishnajeet Singh are two stalwarts
The batsman is at the crease.
Last ball coming up only second over
One leg by two end of the over to gone 15 for
Forest
Skipper Vishal Jadhav is back in the attack again.
Om
Looking to play on the side got the outside edge
Mangesh Jagtap
That's very good bowling from Vishal.
Krishanjeet Singh and Mangesh Jagtap Looking For
More Fire Vaux Coming Up
Oh wow good bowling that's a tok rush from
Vishal Jadhav
The greatest legendary batsman was completely
Vishal impressed in this over.
No chance for a big hit.
Oh wow that's gone. Timber Shutter Dream
Scattered. That's clean bowled.
Reminds me of the bowling of Nathan Bracken
From Australia. One of the Fantastic Bowler
In That Era We Had We Have Seen Him
Two Prent Warriors at 2.46
Excellent bowling performance by Captain Vishal
Jadhav
Ashish Mishra on Scape: Wax in at the Centre
It remains to be seen that he will definitely go for the big hit.
And definitely go for the big hit.
But suddenly the fielder reached there.
Janti Ras from Nowhere enters the frame
Two runs taken 18 for two
Only three runs have been given in this over so far.
Vishal Jadhav bowled brilliantly in
Display
Oh losing the momentum at he's lost his momentum.
There's Vishal Jadhav and went for a no ball.
And coming up the following ball will be
Free Hit
Golden opportunity to hit a big hit
Will you send the ball straight to Delhi?
Oh that's clever bowling swing in Miss Dot
Ball to end of the over, just four runs
Considered.
Three gone 19 for two British Warriors.
Go 19 for two new starting points
Aniket Kerkar
3.12 21 for two.
And that's a good strike.
Only a single.
Two priors at 3.22
No one here in the block hole stands a chance
Been in for the big hit. in the last over
Let's just talk about Vishal Jadhav, the way
Bing's
Only four runs came in the last over.
And so far four runs have come in three balls.
Vishal has lifted the ball in the air here
Catch Drop
The catch was missed and the dream was shattered.
The catch was dropped, the dream of all the fielders was shattered.
Heart broken.
I think that's a spectator's curse.
[Laughter]
O one more catch drop.
I don't know Daya, please find out what is the secret behind this
Is.
[Laughter]
3.5 26 for two double lunch is amazing.
One more time this time the fielder standing in
Deep.
Your wish will be fulfilled. Four will also come but
Will have to wait a little. end of the over
Four Gun 27 for Two Prot Warriors.
Now Coming Up The Last Over Of The First
Inning 27
The run is 27. Just these four sixes for Mangesh
He scores 27 runs. Now on strike
and we'll have some big fireworks.
and O Dropad
I Think the Spectator Is Having Some Hidden
Mantra Don't Reveal It Don't Reveal The Mantra
Single taken 28 for two all the golden fun
Moments Happening Here and Swing Enemies
Once Again Good Bowling Good Comeback Siddhant
Gaiwad
Now it would be best to watch the last four balls
Bowling performance here by Team Howden
No Connection
only a single run they will get
29 for two
Last last three balls coming up
Strike Again Mangesh Jagtap AKMJ
and the best blow
The ball has been sent in for six runs.
For
Excellent powerful six
Chak De Phatte 90 Glee and Ball Sent
Direct Delhi attack
35 for two last two balls coming up
Outside the Offam line for wide
Last to 36 for to end
wide ball
37 for two with two balls left.
Getting the free twenty back to back two wides
and four rums
Excellent timing, very well played
Mangesh at the best
Mangesh Jagatab is not Mangesh Marvelous Jagatab
4.5 41 per two last ball coming up of the
First Innings
Outside Edge
Only a single so that's the end of the o they are
Going for two runs and this will be run out
Here at the non-striker striker end
So only single run at the last ball of five overs
42 for three and 43 to win for Team Haun
And there is 43 we will need to check
They will check if the confirmation is on
So five overs 42 for three and the target
To Chase will be 43 to win to Team Howden the
Target is 43 for Team Howden
Om
OK Team Pran Warriors
Lokrat Lokar Maidan Aave and Team Hon for the
Batting
The Battle for the Third Place Winner
And after this will be the biggest clash of
The Titans of the Evening Coming Up After This
Match One: Il One Team vs Pink Panthers The
Grand Finale
So hello hello and welcome and once again to
The ICICI Lamboda Proudly Presenting
Brokers Premier League Two and Two Six
Season Three and the Match Between Prudent
Warriors vs. Haun for Third Place
Winner they are playing for this battle and
After this we have the grand finale coming
Up
So we're all in redness to start
Ashish on strike Vishal on strike
Okay in the counter three to one game on
Ashish Mishra to start with good bowling one
for dot ball
Easy Single Run
Off the mark with single Ashish and Vishal Jadhav
The Destructive Batter on Strike
Single runs are going for two, no only single
Both the betters of the mark
Three Balls Two for No Loss
Dancing down the track fielder standing at
Mid-wicket for a single run only
From the Team Priors
left right combination
You'll have to burn some calories here.
One fielder deep backward square leg one edge
Mid-wicket
Very good start from Ashish Mishra
Only four runs conceded in this over, five balls
4 runs, no wickets
Has struck the ball well on the block.
Will definitely go for two runs
And the over ends with two runs. Sleep One
Was gone six for no loss. And They Need 37
Runs in 24 balls.
And that's again the field setting to the left
Hinder deep backward square leg and mid
Wicket the two fielders
Will Be The One Over More Power Play
It's Coming
Vivek Pawar
left arm over the wicket
Very good bowling
Now for the right-handed others to fielders.
Outside the circle one at long on and one at
long off
What is long on and long off
So very good bowling swing and miss
Vivek Pawar Effective Efficient Bowler From
The Team Priors
That's a good strike but as a fielder at
Long lasting good stop Mangesh
Just a Single
strike to ball the full one but going down the
wide to the leg side
So to go on 13 for no loss and three overs
Left 30 runs to get 30 needed in three overs
Runs per over: 10 runs
Taking Time for the Field Settings Team
Prod Warriors
It is mandatory for four fielders to remain inside the circle.
After the power play
Minimum four fielders should be inside
short mid-wicket
shot third man shot cover and end shot back
Point that a four fielders inside the
Circle and Now There Is a Change
Shot: Mid-wicket standing very much close to
The Circle
Looking for the Breakthrough Team Pran
Warriors will definitely be looking for wickets
Captain Ashish Mishra is here
Only a single at mid-wicket region
29 runs needed in 16 balls
29 runs needed and it remains to be seen who will get it.
Government.
Prodan
that's good bowling
A fumble and Vishal was looking for two runs.
Settle for Only Single
28 runs needed in 15 balls here
To win this match.
Very good bowling.
Excellent bowling from Ashish
Only two runs were given in four balls in this over.
In.
14 Balls and 28 to Get Now the Tension Is
Rising. Required Run It Is 12 For The
Team How Done.
Downing track but could time it well
Straight to the fielder at backward point
only a single
27 runs needed in 13 balls
This time it blew up
And Mangesh Jagtap is standing like a wall.
Three overs, 17 runs, no wickets. Only Four
Runs Considered by Ashish Mishra. Good
Bowling.
26 runs needed in two overs. That 26 runs in 12
Balls.
Very crucial over of the match coming up the
penultimate over
Will Be the Decider
26 runs in 12 balls here we go
Just a single and going for two runs could be
The chance of run out but
Two runs have been stolen here with speed.
24 runs needed in 11 balls.
And Just a Single 23 runs in 10 balls
That's a good strike, only a single.
22 runs needed in nine balls
How Done and Priors
Must see
Will Get That
Runner Up and Third Place Winner
And that's gone where the ball went banging on
The Roof Six Runs Wow
So beautiful, so elegant, just looking like
A wow
Powerful, brilliant strike, six runs, huge is his name.
Vishal is there and Vishal hits huge hits
16 runs needed from eight balls.
16 runs in eight balls.
O this time
able to connect good bowling good [ __ ]
From Vivek Pawar
Mr. VP on the Money
7 balls and 16 runs
Will you get a wicket or hit a big six?
That's a good strike and will take a single
Run
So that's the end of the number four 28 for no loss
And this time we need 15 runs in six balls.
which government
Prann's government or Howard's government
So who will vote for Prann and vote for Howden?
The Voting Is On
15 runs six balls
Mangesh Jagtap AKMJ
came bowling
And that will go all the way for four runs at
Fine Leg Region
11 runs needed from five balls now
That's good come back from Mangesh Jagtap
What does 11 runs in four balls say about the batsman?
What does the mind say? What does the bowler's mind say?
The audience's mind is my mind, my mind
And it has been played with a powerful blow
And this powerful, spectacular blast
Four
Seven runs needed from three balls for the
Team out and no wicket yet and huge end
Ashish
seven runs in three balls
into the block hole
They are going to know only single they
Going for two runs this village chang run out
And who?
Six runs needed from two balls.
Six runs and two balls.
A very famous movie had come. Ae Dil Hai Difficult
It is as difficult as it gets here.
Now a new movie has come. Only in Fatima
Grounds.
And that will go, that will go
All the Way for Four Runs
How many do you need
in one
so one ball two runs
every match
And looking for two runs
And the team how did cli victory from
Braden Warriors
And how did you become the runner up and Brudan
Warriors Will Be the Third Place Winner
How was it won by nine wickets?
How
wickets
And now it's time for the biggest clash of
Titans The Final Encounter The Final Battle
Tie your seat girl because
Here is the grand finale, The Match Between One and All
One Team and Pink Path
Coming Up Stay Tuned
owner
We
Thank you DJ.
ok everyone
Towards me, pay attention to me. it was
A long wait. Like booking from IICT
Let's do it, we have to wait a little. like that
Had to wait a bit.
Some lead generation happened but few closed
It happened late, right? [Laughter]
I was also the ex-employee of insurance
Company. I will not reveal the name. Ok. So
Welcome back once again to the presentation
Before the grand finale. We need to
Appreciate the team who performs really well
From 16 teams participated
Eight teams and then four teams. And now it is
Time to Felicitate the Team for Third Place
Winner and the runner up. Great performance.
First of all we need to thank and
Appreciate the ICCL Lobard
Management team. Let there be loud applause.
Secondarily to all the spectators all present
Hear make some noise.
If you hadn't come, I would have absolutely
I can't speak. [Laughter]
OK it's time for the player of the match
Award first and may I request Mr.
Sunny Sir and Himanshu Sir to present this
Award
And that goes to from the team How and Vishal
Yadav
Vishal Yadav Loud applause
So the thunderous applause never stops.
has been huge if you want to just
Express Some Few Final Words Really
Plaid Well
Cricket is a very funny game we all know that
It's about just holding the nerves I am
So proud of my team and I would like to
Mention Aniket who has taken us over the line
This Is a Brutal Game Game You Need to
Respect the game and I believe my team did
That and so it's the winning thank you
You will get the double coupon of the dinner right for
Huge
And it's time for the third place winner and
May I request the Captain first to come
Forward from the Team Prudent Warriors
A big round of applause for Ashish.
Once Again Ashish
So this jersey reveal is happening right now. [Laughter]
What is blessing? Ashish ji, what would you like to say?
You? First
Hard luck, we tried our best, but it's okay
One team has to win. How did you play a little?
Bit Better Than Us. So we will try for the
Next next time. We will try for
Win over here. And if otherwise I vary
Fantastic Tournament Organized By
Assist Slomard. So I will definitely
Give them the credit organized such a
Beautiful tournament. And rest I am
Proud My Boys Two and Let's See Next
Time We Will Win.
OK Round of Plus for the Third Place Winner
Of the ICICI Lamb Brokers Premier
League 226 Mumbai Edition That Goes to Prude
Warriors.
After clicking the photo with Captain
And I request the entire team will come
The entire team will come okay The entire team will
Come on prudent warriors, come on strong
Let there be applause
yes yes all
This is the golden moments
It looks like the Mumbai Indians team is
gathered here
Blue Sea Prudent Warriors
Three containers from Pune and many
Conductors from Mumbai once strong
Applause Make Some Nice Priors
okay three two one three chair hip hip
Hip Hip
Hey
Ganpati Bappa
Mangal Murti
Varsha Jaya in the finals [laughs]
Thank you very much Thank you very much
Thank you
And it's time for the big one for the runner up
of the ICS Alamba Brokers Premier League
2626 Six Really Played Well That Goes to the
Team How Done
May I request Captain Vishal to come
Forward
for the gleaming runner-up trophy, but before that
We have the medals before that we have the
Medals
So I request Vishal to come first
Vishal Plus Medal Lenge And They Will
Introduce all his team mates. So Mike
Over to you.
Brijesh
Siddhartha
Aniket
Deepesh
Titik
innovative
Mitesh
Alpesh
Aditya
Huge
Ashish and Omkar
Majority Wins became Majority Wins
[Laughter]
OK the entire team for the photo
and the trophy with a slightly dramatic entry
Will do something.
They Want to Keep It Simple The Runner Up of the
ICS Brocas Premier League Two and Six Team
Howdon
Three Chairs for Howden Team Hipb
HipB Hip
thank you very much
Thank you very much everyone, thank you very much
will go for dinner
Dinner Getting Ready
And dinner is getting ready to be prudent
Warriors, we have to stop, Mangesh Aftak ji, stop
It's like going from one place to another [laughs]
and everyone
So stay tuned to watch and coming up the
Grand Finale in Some Time
Talking on One and One Team
I think one I will one team in a line
Meaning
Cross They Can Stand
Pink Panthers Playing at the Left Hand
Side of the Main Banner
And One l One Team Right Hand Side Banner K
Back
OK Hello and Welcome Back Once Again ICI
Labard Brokers Premium League 226 Season
Three and it's time for the team work out
Grand Workout Ceremony and After That We
Are playing the national anthem
So cameraman are you ready?
Camera ready?
The Fire Works Is All Set.
Okay, so before we start, the grand friend.
opening walkout
All set DG are you ready after that we will
Play the National Anthem after the team comes for
The Workout
All Set To Go
Ok
OK it's time for the grand opening ceremony
Two Teams Locking on ICI Broker
Premier League Two to Six One and One Team
and Pink Panthers in the Counter of Three to
Forest
h
Okay so Pink Panthers team are you ready?
And One L One Team Are You Ready?
OK before we start in the count of
Three to one national anthem play
people
Vande
What
Om
Brother
So hello and welcome back once again to the
ICIC Brokers Premier League Two and Two
Six It's Time for the Big One, the Grand
Finale, The Final Battle, The Final Encounter,
The Phaetons
And the final toss time and with me the two
Captain with me Sunny from One One Isle One
Team and with me Hemant Pink from Pink
Panthers, we are the match official Himanshu sir
And Deepak Sir. So I'll spin the coin
Will you Deepak sir? Who will call? Pink Panthers
Will Call Tales is the call.
It is you who wants the toss, what you decided
and why
Bing will do it first
And
Defeat the opposing team in the least number of runs
One by one we will register
ok I wish you all the best and Sunny sir 10
overs game correct 10 overs game so it will
Like 100 plus
I think
160 Will Target How Many We Make?
All the best sir.
Thank you.
OK I wish you all the best. once strong
Let there be applause.
So Pink Panthers give way to the toss and
Decided to ball first. The Invited One
And one team to bat first. Stay Tuned For
The Live Action Coming Up and Chair Belt
Tie it up. The weather is very exciting
Going to do. Thank you very much.
Vanakam Keva Ho Namaskaram Vandanam
Bajur Koneva Hola Hadi Everyone is welcome
Hello everyone
We have both national and international events here.
Arpit ji, all these are covered by us.
Welcoming the audience who are connected
and one more time the final grand finale of
The ICICI Labord Brokers Premier League
226 So don't start like this.
So in the count of everyone with me right now
10 Come with me count down 10 Don't come on
at
six five four three two one and game on
Let there be loud applause
Here We Go First Ball
The first over of the spinner here
Spinners are going to be a tough fight in the power play.
Will be seen.
Yes, first three overs power play
And we have strikes here.
Excellent bowling here. Complete
Kind of surprised the batsman here
To.
Yes. Good turn here
Ravindra Jadeja does that turn very well.
Brad Hawk was there too.
Pushes it lightly here and steals a run
Took. First run inu the account of one all one
Team.
We also have to appreciate all these players.
Will happen. Continue playing as many matches as you can
Maintaining stamina is not easy. And what about us
You can see the intensity throughout the match.
The level of intensity is not low at all
It has happened. All the players are giving their best
Are in the field.
Again very good line bowling. very tight
No room at all while bowling the line
Not giving it to the batsman here.
Will Bhavesh take some fancy chances again?
Would you like to be here? As we have previously
Seen in matches.
This time, try to hit a big shot.
This time he has played it quite straightforward. Seems like
This time a message has been sent from the captain.
A little impressed in the beginning. Good
Start with just one run in four balls
And this amazing shot, the ball in the air went to the boundary.
Fielder present in the line
Have to be satisfied with two runs here and here
There is also some confusion on
It is in the middle. Third demand but not found
You will also get the third run here. misfielding
Here, one by one in the final, which is overwhelming.
Runs will be heavy.
There is absolutely no room for error here.
in the final match at
That pressure game is like this, some final matches
And
roller coaster
In a moment, sometimes Masha, sometimes more, sometimes less
Five balls, four runs, some wicket
No, last ball of this over.
What a turn, great, completely caught off guard
Great start here
By Prateek Kadam One over gone for four
Lose All One Team
As you said, Mitesh ji.
Reminds me of Ravindra Jadeja here
Very tight line and very fast spin
Bowling fireworks have just begun
I don't see it happening anywhere here
Very slow start here by far.
I would like to say, looking at the finals
Good start here Team Pink Panthers
By and both teams have been unbeatable in this
throughout the tournament
If I am not mistaken in
Yes, Mitesh ji, you are absolutely right.
Bhavesh starts the second over with the strike.
Making some changes to the fields here
bowler
One fielder at deep cover and one at mid-wicket
Two fielders field outside the third
The yard circle is lightly pushed sh third
The fielder will stop it there. Good
Effort only a single run.
Two runs could have been scored if we had taken a chance here.
But did not take the risk considering the finals.
Absolutely if MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli
If he had batted, he would have easily taken two runs.
Yes, absolutely, there is no doubt about that.
Not there. The comparison might be a little wrong here.
Pay. [Laughter]
Virat Kohli, a very legendary batsman, MS
Dhoni running the wickets very fast.
Mana Bhosh keeps wickets but MSD
then no
Very tight lane bowling in this over too
We are yet to see any boundaries while doing this.
has not found Mitesh here
Yes absolutely Rahul Sawant, this is a great start.
Look at the way he is bowling.
If it has been released this time with slow speed then
The release point is important and
With variations you can be a complete batsman.
pressure and influence
Absolutely a very century bowling.
If we look at the first over and the second over as well
The batsman coming with a complete plan
They are not giving any room at all. whatever
We saw balls, wicket to wicket bowling
It is happening and whatever length it is, it is at a good length.
Only bowling is going on.
Excellent bowling, that's why I
It seems Bing's decision after winning the toss.
Right decision here Team Pink Panthers
By
Yes, absolutely, I demanded it from Dagor here.
Bhavesh did not play his natural game
Swing Enemy Is Looking for a Big One at
Excellent pitched delivery from Rahul
Sawant
And the power play has no advantage here at all.
One L1 team gets pink
Excellent bowling by the Panthers.
Not giving any chance here at all
If you look at it, as much as you can see till now
There's bowling that we see on Wagon Wheel.
You can find it here
Arpit ji has drawn the wagon wheel.
It is very amazing, it is very fast now.
Tej Only [Music] Arpit
This time today I have pushed it with light hands.
Will take only one run.
Super start.
Four runs came in the first over. This over has come so far
Four runs in. Eight runs, no wickets. this over
Rahul Sawant will bowl the last ball.
Let's check here a little bit that the over
It has ended.
Meanwhile, we will keep you updated on the international match.
Giving India vs New Zealand Joe
The series decided match is going on. New Zealand
The score given to India was 338.
25 overs completed while chasing here
135 per four. Kohli and Nitish Kumar Reddy
This on batting. Kohli still playing on 59
We will also update you from time to time.
Don't worry you will be IC Lord
The broker will provide you with all the information related to the Premier League.
will get an update
Exactly in our comb too Arpit ji
There is Virat Kohli and we are Nitish
Steady start from the team one l one team
In the grand finale of
And this great shot right here
Chauka will get the first boundary saying match
Yes, powerful, fantastic, four runs, one team strong
First boundary of the applause
Grand Finale
Nine for No Loss
Now 13 for no loss
Pardon me
14 for no loss.
Is this the start of a big over, Mitesh?
Yes, of course they say that everyone's day comes.
Is.
And now One Oil One Team is trying to hit the big shots
The efforts were totally defeated.
Mitesh, if you look at today, whatever
All the matches have been played, all the batsmen are behind
pointing to the boundary which
The short end is a little bit, if everything on that side of the field
while focusing
Because of that, a lot of wickets were lost here.
Pay
Absolutely, and look at this turn and this stump.
Excellent stumping gone out
Awesome wicket-keeping display.
Looking at it here, this ball was not easy.
grab
And that's MSD behind
stumps
First wicket keeping here one l one team good
Stumped by Rahul 2.3 It's 34 for one
Man of the Match of the last match Sridhar here
One down, lots of hope as we go on strike
This one L1 team will face them in the finals
His jersey number is four and he hit the first ball
What will I kill because this heart wants it?
Yes, I will definitely hit the first B four. I am
Sure
The batsman tried his best and missed the ball here.
While doing.
Excellent bowling here on Pink
If the Panthers drop the first ball
Joe bowled a century after a wide ball
Enough
And while making the batsman room, miss here
Hit the ball perfectly
22 signalled by the umpire with just one run.
One One team will have to be satisfied
And try to hit the Bhave set and
On appeal for a wide
Three overs ended with just 14 runs and one wicket.
at a loss of
Very slow start, absolutely no power play.
One L One team could not take advantage either
We will have to make a big score
Looking forward to the finals
But their aggressive batsmen still strike
I am on. Sridhar and Bhesh both are on the crease.
Vikas Shukla comes to bowl here.
happened
I have bowled very well so far in this league.
In he
And the field opens here for the power play.
All players set on the end boundaries
would have
And he hit the shot in the gap but there was a fielder present.
And two runs were called for.
Very good call here by Bhaesh.
Otherwise there was a chance of getting run out. which last
We have One L One team's previous matches
I saw there were a lot of run outs there.
Due to the confusion, the team was very heavy.
Were lying there. The match went till the super over.
Yes, it was a great match here and
This time, we made room
Down the leg side for a wide, umpire Mr.
Fayaz Sheikh
Signal given but one on 16
And what kind of wicket keeping is this here?
Stopping the ball with the waist
It is more dangerous than AI
And this Bhavesh finally succeeded and took four runs.
We will have to see what has stopped us from scoring four runs.
For
Arpit ji is never wrong.
Yes, we have to wait for the umpire's decision.
Should have gone outside the boundary line
So I signaled four runs.
Of course here we wait for confirmation
do. Surely 3.2 off 20 with a four.
One L One Team
Bhavesh coming live here, is he
Will you be able to take your innings long?
Yes, it is definitely the final match.
Keep in mind that many viewers are watching live on YouTube.
Have been.
Yes, if not now then never.
Attempt to hit a multiple shot but
Couldn't make the time. Watching the umpire's signal
will be. Leg bye signal here.
21 for one.
10 Overs Match The Grand Finale Live From
Fatima Grounds
Vidyaway Mumbai
And once under floodlights Arpit
and try to hit another big shot and
Very good bowling performance right now.
Whatever we have seen till now, if one or two
Apart from the shots, there is more here
We haven't seen any big shots.
Should Singles Move To One L1 Team
If you play the dot ball more, it will become bigger.
Can't keep score
There should be more fireworks now, just two fours
Waiting for that in this whole innings so far
fire wax big six
Yes, yes, I have been waiting for Fire Wax for a long time.
I think I'll see you after the finals.
will get
And another attempt here on the helicopter shot
Attempted to kill but only got dusted off.
From there.
A lot of effort is being put in by the batsman.
But the ball is not converting here.
A One L One team on 22 after four overs and
Now we have to see what happens in this coming over.
And what wonders will Sridhar do? What
Will make the bowler miserable.
And messages going from the dugout here
A little bit about strike rate for the batsman
Attention should be paid.
Pink Brothers has come with complete planning
here
Mitesh ji, nowadays it is the era of technology.
All the players nowadays with complete planning
Let's come. All videos are available here
If you are watching our YouTube live
If you look at the replay, the angle is quite good.
And the camera angle is very nice and beautiful.
Looks the way. I like it very much
Got feedback yesterday here on YouTube Live
Of.
Yes, absolutely modern technology and that
If you are completely familiar with technology
If we had taken full advantage of it, a spectacular and
A Proper Broadcasting
And all the players there
On YouTube on a big screen
One more chance and only 22 runs after four overs
There is a run rate of less than six here, One L1
We will talk about the team's progress to the finals.
would like much less
And this is a great shot
Very good effort there and this
Six
Look, you said the start was a little slow.
But now here
Hard hitting six runs and looking for this
Now Sridhar and Bhosh will remain like this
Bat some fireworks
28 for One Hemant the Captain
And another one hit him in the back. fielder
present there.
Pink Panthers have already fielded here.
It has been set there considering the danger there.
Yes, it has been a very good performance.
One team and Pink Panthers complete this
In the tournament.
So Arpit ji can say best versus
Best. Absolutely no doubt about it
Is. This should be a match of the best versus the best.
Used to be. Here are the matches we watched in full:
Very intense match in the league
It has been seen. The entire team gave their best
I have made an effort.
So the best team, the best 11, is the same.
We have the best 22 players here.
The grounds are visible.
This time I pushed it lightly.
Going for two runs. could be at risk
Is. Direct
Great running here
ran two runs
One L One here while increasing the speed of the run
Team
And another big shot attempt here.
Run attempt but stopped
10 runs have come from this over so far, so a good one.
A big hit for the over one L one team here
But will try Bhaesha 4.532 for one in this over
Hemant Captain will bowl the last ball
And here you can see Prashant in the dugout.
Getting ready for the next innings
And after five overs, 33 for one all out.
Team
Prashant here on his way to the ground
And Bhavesh retired
Now the new batsman
As we see nowadays in the modern league
Getting it for. No strike rate
No compromise here either.
But it's not easy in such a big historical ground.
not playing
very difficult
It should also be a strength and a delicacy.
with
Yes, one thing needs to be noted that Mitesh ji is here
Pay One L One first match with its floodlights
If she is playing in then this is a challenge for her.
It can also be
The batting floodlights of yesterday's match
I was not in the field, the fielding was empty
And there is another short fielder at the back.
There the demands of two will have to be satisfied with one.
Pink Panthers are already fielders there
set because that end is too short
No boundary risk whatsoever
he wants to take
New bowler here is Amol Kolte
And this time he has blown the ball in the air
fielder present and drop
And could only take one run here.
What seemed like an easy catch was dropped here.
It seems the ball is lost somewhere in the lights.
Went
Catching a catch at red lights is not easy.
Mitesh is here
yes absolutely
If Arpit ji was here, he would have taken the catch.
taking
Because Feviquick sticks to your hands
had happened
G I One L One Team Fielders for One
I was already setting up an excuse.
Excellent bowling here by Amol.
Pink is not giving any chance here at all.
Pence. Whatever bowling we have seen so far
Have you received any loose delivery?
We haven't seen it here.
Very good bowling.
Yes that's very good bowling. Beauty of
Delivery. No chance for the batter. excellent
Bowling. Only three runs have been given so far.
In the over. in four balls
Excellent wicketkeeping here. Messi Messi
He is also a fan of.
Yes yes. Here we can see everything
Messi Ronaldo apart from cricket.
Back to back dot balls three dot balls back
Two back 5.5 36 pecks last ball of this over
And a really nice shot of Switch It here.
Four runs on fielder present
Finally managed to hit the switch
batsman here
Yes Prashanth brilliant shot and four runs over
40 for 2 after six overs
One Team
One L by gradually increasing the run rate
What do you think Mitesh, score prediction?
It will have to be seen in the coming overs as to how
The score presented from now seems to be 70
I'd like a little more here
I believe the score should be settled at 8085.
It will be down.
Yes, for that the ball has to be sent into space
In the constellation of Brahma Ji in his kamandalu
Sridhar is a set batsman and his stability here
It is very important here if we have 80 above
If you want to see the score then watch the final
If you want to make it exciting then at least 80 plus
Need score
Yes, he will definitely give a challenge, now we will have to see.
in this over
Going for the second run and two runs
Will complete with Asing.
Very good fielding performance there.
Pay.
Generally Mitesh what we see is big leg
There are big scores in the finals of
It is not possible. Tight bowling remains and
No Risk in Scores No Risk
Taking the batsman there generally.
It is a game of pressure. So that's what happens.
So they say
In big cities, such small
There are challenges.
Yes, absolutely everyone is troubled by the challenges.
But we will have to see which one it will be this time.
Government? Pink Panthers or One One Team
Government
And here's a great shot in the air.
He has killed me here.
And this is for six runs, wow, one all with this.
One team completes 50 runs, loud applause
go
And this run rate keeps increasing as Mitesh
Yes, I told you Sridhar here
Strike in and set
yes absolutely
And another brilliant shot fielder present double force
asked for it here and it was misfielded.
The umpire would like to check the boundary there.
Three at one time, still three runs were scored here.
But the batsman
Three runs will be scored here for 53 runs.
Proved a bit expensive, giving away 13 runs
Not the best binge
Wide ball signalled by the umpire
Proving to be a very expensive over here
Is this the same big over?
Another shot going in the same direction
Demand and two comfortably parted here
The batsman
Joe Running Between the Wickets is yet to be seen
If you are getting this from the previous over also
If we get to see it, then maybe the run rate right now
It would have been a little more.
I think Arpit ji is the next to bat now.
and six balls six six towards broad
Like Yuvraj Singh hit six sixes on six balls.
Had hit a six. You have a chance.
I am talking about running between the wickets.
I am here and you are talking about six.
Are.
The current score is 56 for two. of this over
Will bowl the last ball. Hemant a bit expensive
Have been proved. 27 runs have been given. 1.5
Pushed lightly. with two runs
Will have to see. Excellent fielder there
I will run and take only one run. 7 overs 97
Even if 30 runs were scored in the last two and three overs
If so, it is around 90.
Yes, if the score was close to 90 then
We will get to see a very good final match.
Mitesh ji, I think he is Rohit Sharma's
I seem quite impressed with the interview.
In which he said that people should use computers
Some people are sitting in the commentary box
They also say I don't care
right back at Ya
They say keep calm and make a revolution.
This commentary would have been for entertainment purposes.
Don't pay attention to him
Focus on performance
Yes absolutely
This is to keep the audience engaged.
Some banters have to be struck. So YouTube
But our live audience is watching the whole
Another shot back in the same direction from India
Fielder present, demand for double
We will have to be satisfied with one run here.
Yes Prashant will play the anchor role here and
Sridhar will play a powerful role.
Sridhar
23 runs in 13 balls and two fireworks big
Hit to Six
And the weather here is very good.
Being so beautiful ground and
Beautiful weather and exciting match
And in this nice environment
And it's time for lunch. So wait
After this match. arranged the food
Go to the commentary box.
And this is a very amazing shot in the air with the fielder
Present. He will not drop it this time.
Great catch here
Sridhar coming back to the dugout, he took a good wicket.
after the innings
Loud applause for Sridhar 23 of 16 with
Two Maximum Hits No Applause at All
Is. Let there be loud applause. One and One Team
Watch Vikas Shukla's Bing now Arpit ji
1.48 for one is a very affordable Bing key
Economy
So far, the One L One team has played its trump card.
Haven't played. I am waiting for Himanshu ji.
I was batting here.
And two runs can be easily scored here, Captain.
Himanshu spoke and someone heard Sudhanshu.
So maybe a little bit confused
No, there was a meeting between Sudhanshu ji and Himanshu.
It has been cancelled and that Sudhanshu ji
went to bat
And this clean bowled here
Very good bowling
Yes, Vikas got another wicket for his team.
while developing
And who will have four for 60 after eight overs?
Who will win or lose?
The momentum that was created was lost in the seventh over.
Please bring him back here in the sixth over.
The One L1 team has to catch up as they break away.
Amit coming out to bat here
All-round player, very good performance
did in the last match due to which the match
It went into the super over. very good
Let's bowl. His batting too
It is quite good. So far something good
The performance was not seen. hoping for
Saved for the final in the final
It has happened to him.
So next two overs coming up of the first
Innings 64.
And that's a much needed break. Because there is water
It's tomorrow.
And a little drinks break here.
Pay.
Absolutely. Lemon water and mineral water
And there is no water in the commentary box here.
Not there. No lemon water.
There are only voters here.
The kind of commentary that is going on. Is good.
Commentators don't have faces on YouTube
Shows here.
I got a lot of feedback yesterday, Mitesh ji.
Here I have a lot of YouTube at night.
I have talked to people and the public is watching.
A lot of people are watching from Bengaluru and Delhi.
Is
yes absolutely
You have been greatly appreciated here.
Sher-o-Shayari and your style of speaking
You have a good command over the regional language.
What a wonderful commentary to watch
Thanks from you all over the league
For all the contribution.
I would like to say many thanks
To Given the Second Opportunity
Last year was great. It got better than
Today, more excellent arrangements have been made.
Also thank you to Go Broadcasting JSC
Team.
Pretty big break here. A quick DRM.
The five-minute DRM is over.
Yes, you can see the edges of the brakes.
During this time, the Pink Panthers team looked quite calm.
Coming because the match is very much under control
So far their
And this is another great shot
One run with fielder at covers
Will have to be satisfied.
The current score is 4 for 61.
So you will also expect some fire wax.
offered
Absolutely no time right now
Here you have to take a chance on every ball and Amit
He hits the first ball very fast.
Demand for two fielders present and two not
You will get it here
Wanted to take another lead but that lock
Not valid
The system is not locked in at 62 for four at the moment.
Score 8.2 One L One Team
And from the dugout, there's a demand for two.
It is happening but we will have to manage with single
Amit looked very enthusiastic while coming on strike.
Amit is
63 for four, absolutely the enthusiasm is high here.
everyone's
And after your arrival the enthusiasm has doubled.
So many viewers are also connected to Kolkata.
Mr Arpit.
Yes, feedback coming from Kolkata here
So I would like to say to the people of Kolkata
Kema, dance well.
And in this conversation here with two more
Three runs taken here
I have taken four, what's the matter?
It's amazing running here
Running Boundaries
If you don't get a boundary, at least run away.
Four runs should be taken because we cannot give chances.
here
Absolutely wow calories burned electrolyte
Now you have to give the powder to the batter.
Everything has been arranged, just let him win the match.
You will get everything later, if you don't get it then you
You can order from Blinket
[Laughter]
There will be on-the-pitch delivery.
Amit is a very fit batsman. they need
Not right now.
So we think the fittest player of the
Tournaments should also be organised. Amit Arpit
Yes.
Yes of course.
Fittest Player of the Tournament
Award.
Great Bing big shot attempt here
Could not connect. Coming Up the Last Ball
Off the ninth over, 67 for four is expected
were at 90
It doesn't seem like it here at all anymore. 75 80
It also seems difficult.
Mitesh, your prediction is that line
I feel like I'm here.
And one more wide signal here
It seems it is not like that in floodlights
batting
No, there is a big test and a leather
If you play cricket here,
It is not easy. under the floodlights
And here you will have to make do with single
But
And
Mitesh ji, if you
If you look here, there is no chance at all.
Two runs easily here after misfielding
see you.
Amit hit the ball so hard
Have done. the ball breaking into two pieces
But if the ball does not go out of the boundary line then its
One L1 team will not get much benefit
But a new ball will definitely come here.
Four one l one for 70 after exactly nine overs
So what do you think about the team? You said 80.
You will be able to cross the figure here
I had said the ambitious target of 8085 but
Mitesh ji, your target would have been correct here.
I feel like your prediction was happening.
But anything can happen, the last over is still left.
We may see two or three big hits.
us here
Yes yes absolutely the last one, the rest of the night is left
matter left
And the first ball of the last over here.
And he moved forward and hit the shot while the fielder was present there.
But demand for two
Two easily found here
Amol Kolte has come on the binga for 72 runs.
Five balls and Prashant is playing on 13
Big hits now with a four in 11 balls
will definitely go for
has given
Big hit, fielder present here
No and drop here
And here when there is a demand for runs from the dugout
If there are some different conditions on the field then there is a chance
Batsman would not like to take
Absolutely respectable last four balls 74
The innings has reached the score here.
And that's gone it was a fair delivery
And
Are they caught out?
Easy catch there on a full toss ball
The batsmen could not take advantage here.
And here in the dugout, the umpire's decision
declare a no ball before waiting for the
If it was given then some atmosphere was created but fair
Delivery
Last three balls a big hit
And from here a very experienced batsman
Mr. Puny comes on strike
There are a lot of expectations from him.
Yes. This time I have played in the air. for two runs
I'm going to take two runs here.
76 for five.
Last two balls.
This time over the fielder but in his hand.
Sticking ball and playing an up and over
Wanted wicket-keeping at number six and coming off
The Last Ball of the First Innings
The Final Match of the Grand Finale
of the ICI Lamb Present
Brokers Premier League
Two6 season three was a great journey.
The festival was carnival.
Yes, it is absolutely wonderful here.
Arrangements and a very exciting league
We got to see some very good matches.
Here.
So last ball
Captain on the strike.
And Sunny ji has said that this is a free hit.
Ball for me.
and the ball in the block hole is very cool
Very straightforward. So only single run. So 10 overs
Gone 77 for six for one l one team and
Pink Panthers need 78 runs to win here
Need of.
We will have to see who will form the government.
Yes, from where Mitesh ji? From where?
Do you practice? It seems you have
Your experience of two days
Have taken full advantage. Absolutely Exact
The prediction you have made here is 75, 76
Gave a target of.
yes absolutely
Many years of experience practicing prediction
And here in the dugout at one o'clock
Using technology, old
Using technology while planning matches
The Pink Panthers batsman was used
Watching the batting
Okay, so here we will take a short break.
See you after the break and the Pink Panthers
It remains to be seen whether they will win the match here or One L
One team will defend this match
And a small break of 10 minutes here.
10 minutes break stay tuned
So what a good start from Ping
Panthers One Over 12 Runs Welcome Back Once Again
To all the viewers and spectators watching
As Live Myself Mithit Solanki Welcoming You
All
The Grand Finale
of the ICICI Lombard presenting
Brokers Premium League Two to Six Season
Three
In the first innings, the One L One team here
10 overs: 77 for six and Pink Path starts
It is already one over 12 runs, Arpit ji
Welcome and once an over 12 runs start
The Pink Panthers have won that glittering trophy
For
Yes Mitesh ji, very good start.
I will say that the momentum of bowling is
Pink maintaining his position here in batting as well
Pathars
Taking full advantage of the power play here
The run rate at which they are batting
And if there is a runner here, then he must be running.
I would like to take advantage of singles in doubles
convert
There will definitely be an advantage there.
Please arrange here in the commentary box
Water is provided. Thanks for the
Arrangements.
And another nice shot from the back.
easily here
We will wait for the boundary check here.
Of the umpire's decision.
Getting three runs here, if not four then three
One run is definitely left here.
Every run is very important for the team in the final.
Mitesh ji is crucial
Yes, absolutely every run counts.
single here good start here
Pratik Kadam and Vishram Sakkare have
With a great batting start, this
In the tournament
Yes, if we look at the entire league, there will be many
He has batted well and aggressively and
His experience is showing in the power play.
Taking full advantage of the field here
of placement
And look at this, a ultiplier shot but the fielder
has stopped here and the second run is taken quickly.
has raced with
Batting here has very good run rates
Doing Pink Panthers
Puneet to Prateek
And this time he made space and played the ball.
has been
Four runs outside the boundary line.
Turn around and live player wow wow
Yes Mitesh ji, we are waiting for the fireworks.
Were these the same fireworks?
yes absolutely
Modern Tech Cricket, something like this you will see
will get
And another great shot
What is the matter?
Excellent batting so beautiful so well
And just looking like a
Wow
27 runs after two overs.
Very good batting here Pink
By the Padres. So at a run rate of 13.5
Full power play going forward
Taking full advantage, one in the finals
leading a one-sided match
Yes, this was at a run rate of just 6.38.
The match has to be won.
And here is Mr. Amit Shen from One L1 Team.
Those who are said to be facing trouble while bowling
This team is called the Mochak Bat Bowler
Of. Can we turn the game around by taking a wicket in this over?
Would you like to?
Yes, you will have to see something strange here.
I will definitely do it.
Yes, this will definitely be a dramatic over.
It's either R or F.
Yes it is a do or die. We will have to see whose
There is a government.
Scoped well towards fine leg
The ball is going for four outside the boundary line
for the run
Very good shot on the first ball here.
Mitesh ji spoiling the momentum of the bowler
If a four is hit on the first ball itself
Bowlers have to make a lot of changes in their plans.
Change has to be made.
Absolutely
The score kept moving at a very fast pace.
Yes, it is easy now to put up pink banners for the match.
See the required runs to win.
6 runs and 47 balls and 47 runs
Seeing his bowling, I was inspired by Daniel Buttler.
I have also reminded you.
He was a very clever bowler.
Daniel Bhatori.
Absolutely
And this is the fall of the wicket as I told you
I had already said that Mitesh ji will definitely do it in this over.
Something dramatic will be seen. like the first
Despite hitting a four, a wicket was still to be seen.
Found it here. Absolutely in the hands of Puneet ji
I held this ball as if it were made of Motichoor.
As if a laddu has been placed in his hand.
Look at this
There was a very happy atmosphere in the dugout of the Banail team.
Because the way the runs were coming, it seemed
The Pink Panthers were having enough dinner.
I'm in a hurry. But here the wicket fell.
Is. So definitely there is some slowdown in the run rate here.
There will be a stoppage.
And here we keep putting psychological pressure.
Amit making a plan on the batsman
with the wicketkeeper
Yes now the new batsman is Rahul Sawant.
Checking the ball
What are you checking Mitesh ji, did you understand anything?
You will find me here, what do you do with ball check?
Are
How much will the ball bounce? What kind of ball will it be?
will fall on the bat
How will the pitch fall? How will this check stroke happen?
Everything that falls is checked.
Thank you Mitesh ji and here on the first ball
Great shot coming in, four runs to start
Is. A brilliant four off the first ball.
Look, this match has become very easy.
As much as the Pink Panthers.
Now look at the required rate within six, 5.86
And look at the current. 13.13.
Heavy roller was used before this match
Was. There is less bounce in the pitch.
The ball was quite low. So the batsman
Easily showed direction to that ball.
Yes absolutely and we have pitch heavy roller
Bought from Australia.
Yes, DRS equipment is from England.
I had ordered it but it got stuck at the port because
Of some reasons.
The shipment failed to clear.
Next season we will definitely see DRS also.
Will get it.
At present, good batting is going on here.
Pink Panthers
42 runs in 7.1 overs.
Just have to see the winning gleaming trophy
Whose hands
with ease
Power play ends here.
He has done the job in three overs at 37.
60% 70%
The work is done
The runs that have come here are from the 12th. Enough
Runs have fallen at a rapid pace in the power play.
Very well used. If we
We will compare same to same conditions which one l
One team was batting. The forests were far behind
L1 team here.
Field placements are open here
Setting fielders on the boundaries.
And what new bowler are we going to see?
See you in the finals, Akash. So far they have
Has not bowled in the entire tournament.
Can Trump prove to be a scandal? it
The Pink Panthers definitely talked about them.
They must not have planned because they
Haven't bowled yet in the entire tournament
Is.
As I told you earlier, Mitesh.
Tha terms card is very present One L One
In the team. Now you will get to see it.
So bring us the trump card.
The trump card is here at Bing.
Can see but more than a trump card
We're interested in the mystery box.
would like to
And this first ball in the air and it's amazing
There's a six here
Excellent shot, six runs
excellent timing
struck
Wow
Great shot, not easy here.
Hitting a straight six happens here like this
on the ball
Absolutely symbolic steps
Now they say, move forward step by step towards victory.
go to the side
If these steps are not moving forward then they are running away.
Looks like another great shot
This time we will take one run
Looks like the commentator got cut off here.
And
Bowlers will take some time to settle down
Fielder present there and one run scored
The power play is over, but it doesn't feel like it.
Considering the run rate
Pink maintains momentum here
The Panthers.
Now look at only 33 runs
And for each step, just these five big
Hit.
A very intelligent batting display
While doing. Respecting a good ball
Batsman here.
Batsman playing with maturity here.
Giving respect to a good ball. Little
Here we will also add Sanskrit words.
Mitesh ji, can you message the Pink Purse team?
Would you like to give? Dinner arranged for the night
It's gone by 10:30.
Absolutely Extended Extended
Approval has come.
So the haste he is showing. And one more
Great shot here
and sent the bun straight into space
For six runs.
It's 100m six. Hughes
Give him 12 runs, not six.
Yes, runs are already low here. I would like to
Only six runs should be given. Please
Only six runs will be given here.
27 runs needed now
In 37 balls.
What a blow Pratik Kadam has given.
Wow, that debut bowler is not able to settle down.
It is being given here. very good
While batting here.
Yes Mitesh ji, you will definitely tell me now. You
He said this is the trump card. if you
I also saw MS Dhoni's first match, so he
He was also out on zero. So it is not necessary.
It is the first match, a chance will be given.
Some first become heroes and then become zeros.
Or first a zero and then a hero.
This is the game of life. moment by moment
I am Masha. So four gone 51 for one and they
need only 27 rms
To lift the trophy.
The current run rate seems to be in two overs
The match will end.
Experienced Man of the Match last match Sridhar
Coming into bowling here, is this something
Will you be able to do it?
Short pitch ball. very much
here
Rans signaling no ball
Icing on the cake
What are we seeing here?
Mr Mitesh
This is a gift, one even after the New Year
Gift
Five runs will be awarded here.
There should have been three players inside four.
Please pay attention to such small mistakes.
This could prove to be very costly in the final match.
Mr Mitesh
And another great shot, fielder present here
We will have to see what the matter is for six runs.
A powerful attack by Rahul Sawant too.
Rahul Sawant is not far behind after Pratik Kadam
He said, why should I lag behind, let us also come.
Connecting with you
Absolutely amazing fireworks to watch
meeting the
Now 16 runs are needed to win the match.
Yes, let's check if they have any 9:00 pm
Is the car booked that can travel at such a high speed?
Is batting going on here?
Yes, I have definitely booked the ticket but before that
We would like to bat check that Ricky Bonding
It is not a bat from 2003.
Yes, just like the ball is being checked, so is the bat.
Must be checked.
This time I got totally beaten.
16 runs, two big hits and a four, that's it.
Yes, I already told you that
This target should be chased within the over.
As the run rate is going.
But the Pink Panthers seem to be in a hurry.
Here.
Yes, it's definitely time for lunch.
It was also time for lunch. Tomorrow is also Monday.
Everyone has to go to office, so everyone should rest for that too.
want to do.
Helicopter Shot MS D For You
Will take one run.
Here the batsman is also catching the ball.
Are cooperating. He is friendly.
Yes, he is very friendly. can see
We are in his batting. the kind of
He has made strong attacks here.
Another brilliant shot, fielder present here
No Man's Land
Taking two runs easily
But here I think I will take a run.
This was considered the strength of the Forest team.
He bowled a little in this match.
And wide ball indicates extra run
and this
while defending
Yes, only 13 runs are needed now in the next five.
In the over and I think Arpit ji
13 runs for half century here too
Needed
A very good partnership is visible.
Has been. Here the batsman in front
The idea was to score 13 runs at the non-striker's end.
Only 100 runs are required for a half century.
Batsmen showing teamwork here.
Yes. Would like to double the win with a win. Self
Victory and victory for the team.
And everyone wins.
Everyone's support.
Looks like the Man of the Match trophy is secure.
I want to do 50 minutes and one more new
Bowler Sagar is also making his debut here.
And this brilliant shot on the first ball took the boat across.
across the batsman immediately
Pink Panthers need seven runs now.
Government
Yes, here two new debut bowlers
Could be seen. Definitely next year's
We hope to see more bowling from him in the league.
Would like to. Shared living.
Seven runs away from victory and seven runs away from Pratik
Kadam also with his half-century.
And another brilliant shot in the same direction to the fielder
Present.
But he will just keep looking at the ball. 49 per
have arrived. per step
16 balls, four fours, four sixes.
The 9:00 pm deadline seems to be quite enough.
Following closely Pink Monkeys here
Pay
He has to catch a flight immediately and on top of that
The flight is calling them here.
She is calling, she is whistling and only one
Runs needed score level one run for the
Victory and one run for Pratik Kadam to get
his half century
Amit gives some message to Sagar here.
I remind myself of when MS Dhoni
36 runs were needed from seven balls and
Was changing the bat. So it's something like that
And one or two runs will be easily obtained and because of this
With The Winner
Pink remained unbeatable throughout the tournament
The Panthers will now be declared the winners.
Tournament ICI to Lamb Proudly
Presenting Brokers Premier League Two and
This winner of 26 is now pink
Panthers winner. The run with which he
It looks like the target for batting is 160.
You should have also tried it and given a statement.
She has made it pink for next year.
Pathars and I think Mitesh ji if you
Can you tell me if I'm wrong?
The batting we have just seen
This is the best run rate in the entire league.
The batting has been
right here
D is finished in just 5.3 overs.
Trophy in its name
So Make Some Noise Pink Panther
Stay tuned for the final presentation
Ceremony Wild
TICI Lomar Proudly Presenting
Brokers Premier League Two and Two Six
Season Three. First of all, a big round of applause
Go. What a performance, what a game, all
The Spectators Supporting Really Well. End
Once Again a Big Round Up Plus Big Shout
Out for ICI The Team Management One and One
Teams. There should be loud applause for
For.
We had a couple of days of fantastic cricket for
Carnival at this iconic ground of
Fatima Grounds De Ware Mumbai. End
Also to the winner of this year Pink Panthers
Let there be a big round of applause for this.
Starting with the presentation and
Requesting Mr. Sunny Sir to present
Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj National Head of
Broking Insurtech and Affinity A
Request to come on the presentation area
Let there be loud applause, make some on the big
Hand for Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj and May I
Request Mr. Himanshu Sharma West Zone
Head SME & Corporate Broking
Let there be loud applause. ok before we
Start for the final presentation, Mr.
Sunny Sir a few words to express. or came
Don't Have Any Words Actually After
Losing that match. But I will speak about the
Tournament. I Think It Was One of the Best
Tournaments Among All the Cities That I Have
Been seeing. I saw matches in Bangalore. V
C 100 matches in Delhi. But I think the
Intensity and the level of players in
Mumbai is outstanding yes guys please to
You But Etsy Lobard We Really Really Look
Forward to this event every year we in
Fact Wait the Entire Year That When We Will
Get two days to spend with all of them. I
Think around 300 to 400 people including the
Players, Their Families, Everybody Came, and
I think we'd have an amazing time with all of
Them. Yeah.
Okay, big round of losses for Mr. Sunny.
Bharadwaj
Starting with the Player of the Series
Very Well Played 50 in the last game and
Overall Performance and That Goes to Pratik
step
OK symbol step
But I want to tell Pratik one thing.
That brother, does anyone hit like this? means on the net
why are you hitting in the parking lot
Buddy? I mean seriously
Once again loud applause symbol steps.
Thank you very much. Well plaid.
And may I request now the Captain of Pink
Panthers to come forward Hemant Ambekar
Let there be loud applause
Before the Medals We Can Just Express
Few Words He Can Come Here and Express
This is your moment, this is your time
I am feeling very good, first of all I
I want to thank ICICI for
Very good two day organized Saturday
Sunday A
On time every match is played on time every
Thank you
Just one big round of applause
For Hemant
and the medals so Hemant the first medal and
You will call one by one your mic is to is
With you the first medal to Hemant and then
Sunny Sir will felicitate
So first to captain
Hemant Jersey Number Seven Hemant for a Reason
Make Some Noise Once Again to loud applause
For Hemant
Rest
The applause should remain constant. to applaud
Needed
Development
If Hemant takes such a name, you will say
Present Sir [laughter]
Ramesh
Both the applauses should be applauded
The Clap Should Be On
Akshay
applause applause
Type
So this Akshay is not serious but Akshay.
Right [laughs].
Trending Dhurandar Akshay
Amol Play Prk
Troubled Sir
Sign
He came running and wore jersey number 18.
Sidhu
Boundless
Alok ji
Worried
Sea
There is a lot of fan following for Sagar. [Laughter]
A male name
Rahul's name is
will only happen
Okay, a round of applause for everyone.
Go for the Team Ping Panthers
But before we start for the big moment
Need to thank a special thanks to the
Sporting Event Partner Brand Knicks
Media is very enthusiastic about Deepak ji.
Applause, very well arranged
And this is the moment Hemant
This is your moment and the glittering trophy
Winner of the ICS Brokers Premier League
2026 Season Three Ping Path
Running away trophy.
Rahul Rahul Rahul
And Rahul Sir will facilitate
Big hand to Mr. Rahul. Big Hand to
Mr. Rahul. Let there be loud applause
Friends. The whole team should come. First the
Captain Photo and Entire Team. Ok, come.
If the If We Permit for the Music Dhurandharla
Song
Ok DJ Are You Ready For The Dhurandhar Fastla
Ok
ok three to one ready
Victory
And Here's the Winner of the ICS Brokers
Premier League 2026
Pink
Panther
Thank you very much, thank you very much everyone
thank you very much
And ending cameraman where you going wait
This is the ending note and until then
The celebration will continue here but I
I would like to say here
To all the viewers who supported us
is two three two three on YouTube and this
There will definitely be a final note after the celebration
Still the celebration is on
three to one make some noise
Brokers Premier League Champions 2 Six
All come all come
ok thank you very much thank you very much and
Congratulations Team Being Panthers
So with this, we're closing the one more season.
Great performance all the spectators
Who has supported me the best
Mish Solanki signing of We Will See You
Next year, until then, Sara and
Apsto thank you very much